# wheel-of-misfortune

How to play:	After all players have selected their opening hand, the player who goes first chooses one of the folliowing at random. 

- The Quarantine:	The player who goes first starts with "The Plague" card in their command zone. All other players are their opponent. Each player without The Plague are "teammates". The Plague reads: Whenever you deal combat damage to another player, you draw a card and that player gains control of The Plague.
- Split Personality:	Before the game starts, separate your deck into two even piles +/- 1 card. Shuffle each pile. Whenever you draw one or more cards, you may choose which of the two piles to draw from. If a single trigger caues you to draw more than one card, it must be from the same pile. Any trigger that refers to a player's library, the owner of that trigger chooses which library is interacted with. For example, Fleet Swallower would mill out half of only one of the two libraries, chosen by the owner of Fleet Swallower's trigger.
- Seller's Market:	Max handsize is reduced to 5, cannot be increased, and the discard step cannot be skipped. During your upkeep, you may place a land from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.
- Buyer's Market:	Whenever you draw one or more cards, instead look at the top X cards of your library, put one on top of your deck, one on bottom, and draw the rest. Where X is the number of cards you would draw plus 2.
- Terrorist Training Grounds:	Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, put the following ability on the stack: flip a coin. If you win the coin flip, each opponent loses life equal to that creature's power. If you lose the coinflip, you lose life equal to that creature's toughness. Life loss this way cannot be prevented or otherwise altered.
- The Mother Land:	All spells and activated abilities have "Assist X" where X is is the generic mana cost of that ability or spell.
- Slight of Hand:	If an effect would cause a player to shuffle their library, instead they do not shuffle their libray.
- Unstable Government:	Whenever your commander would return to the command zone, instead you may put a creature card you own from your graveyard or from exile into your command zone. Put the old commander in the graveyard or into exile, whichever the new commander came from. Treat that creature as your commander (any commander damage, commander cast count, or other states that normally apply to the previous commander now apply to the commander in your command zone. Any card that referrs to the commander's color identity now refers to the identity of that card.)
- The Commune:	Each player moves to the place to their right. Leaving their deck, hand, etc. Whenever a player loses the game, all players move to the place to their right. Players keep their life total, poison counters, commander damage, and any emblems they own.
- Phyrexian Malls:	Any colored mana cost can be paid with 2 life instead.
